Hi Ashot



Thanks for the conversation yesterday.

We would like to take the next step and have you do a Drupal test assignment.

Your goal is to set up a Drupal 9 / 10 website that demonstrates the requested competencies.



Analogous to the wireframes, you will set up a Drupal 9 / 10 website with 3 content types.

News
Articles
Offices


You should be able to see the fields required by these types from the attached wireframes (see attachment).

Articles can be linked to offices and have tags from a taxonomy list that can be filtered.

Offices have a country field on which to filter.



The idea is to set up a custom theme and provide a basic responsive layout using sass.

The menu bar narrows as you scroll down and stays fixed.



Also consider the following features/elements:



Drupal Webforms
Paragraphs of Layout Builder
Text
Text + Image (option to place image on left or right)
Video (Vimeo/YouTube link)
Installing modules via Composer
Experimenting with Drupal Config (drush cim and drush cex)
Where does a client best take into account to make a website SEO proof? (E.g. meta tags / XML sitemap)
Focal Point / Crop function on an image field
What modules do you find interesting with a basic Drupal website?
Custom controller 'Hello World' page (https://www.drupal.org/docs/drupal-apis/routing-system/introductory-drupal-routes-and-controllers-example)


Implement general search with Search API (Facets / Autocomplete) on one content type


Multilingual website with language switcher (Dutch and English). Main language is English.
One content type provided with asynchronous paragraphs.
This means that a node in Dutch contains 2 paragraphs (e.g. text and video) and the translated English node can only contain 1 paragraph (e.g. text only).
Import a country list (country title only) using the following service http://country.io/names.json


Feel free to give us a call back when you are done with this assignment, so we can review it at in a Teams call.
Good luck and see you soon!
